


runs,images


chainage differences in geom.csv too high. images shorter than they should be.

test unwarped COG and worldfile/ warped VRT


run numbers problem when runs added/removed before.
change VRT names to use frames?
group by start_frame,end_frame,image_type . 2 runs with same name can become same VRT
how to unload VRTs containing frame? regex from filename?


corrections independent to runs? still need to split into runs to filter out unwanted areas and split into managable pieces.


best GPS?
	-decide if gps from anpp file worthwhile.
	point every 0.05s. occasional missing point. seen ~ 0.8m offset from rutacd file.
	-might want to switch to using gps shapefile.



lcmsdata made by hawkeye



store spline coefficients in database for more restful api? currently using splinestring to handle this. 
processing run should recalculate distress geometry?


backend as htpp server would help with concurrency problems and sqlite filelock. could be compiled language.


store spline coefficients in database? like min_m,max_m,x0,x1,x2,y0,y1,y2...




patterns:
	as procedural as possible. makes testing easier.
	backend should raise errors where problem.
	ui/ frontend should use try/except and display error message where problem.
	gdal cli preferable to python bindings as better documented (and faster?)

	functions get/set state of database.
	models read and display only?

	use QSettings instead of looking up settings from ui and passing args
	
	list of 10000 inactive QProcess uses <1Mb memory.

	use spatialite as little as possible. buggy and badly documented piece of crap
	store geometries as wkt or WKB where possible. addGeometryColumn usually doesn't.


trigger when start/end changed that changes rows where range overlaps.



local file. Postgis might make collaboration easier.
spatialite is buggy piece of crap
want sql style queries though.
shapefile? performance?
fileLocks?


create/load database explicitly on starting plugin?

constraints:
	start of image should be end of last image.
	image width should be ~ constant (gradient effects?)


alternative to QSqlTableModel with sqlite3?
    create application defined functions. not that useful as can't use in views,triggers,constraints...
    use more recent sqlite version? seems same.


corrections:
	mo best as gps tends to lag.

	
store gcps and only gereference where changed or image doesn't exist?

Qgis not releasing file locks.
	use iface.addVectorLayer() instead of QgsVectorLayer?
	

include frame in correction?
	preview button and filePath combobox to remake and reload image.


read hawkeye database?
need ms sql server? how is it currently being done?
0.4 GB vs 4.8 Gb of hawkeye exported xml files + time


	
Rut Right (mm)